README.md, before:

# ZeroGravity
ZeroGravity is an Android game developed in partnership with the Zero Gravity [student team](https://www.facebook.com/0gravityteam).

![Zero Gravity icon][logo-zg]

It has two aims:

1. help them promote their school's model formula one racer
2. help them practice for the competition (e.g. to have a good response time)

The app itself is a played as follows:

- Beginners' mode: you need to observe the red lights, and touch the screen as fast as you can after they all go off.
- Advanced mode: in addition to the beginners' mode, you also need to keep track of the balance of your car by keeping a balance bubble in the target

The game is integrated with Google Play's game services and the best players are listed in the leaderboard there.

The app was developed by the [Inspire Research Center](http://inspirecenter.org) and [UCLan Cyprus](http://www.uclancyprus.ac.cy) with the students

![Inspire Research Center][logo-inspire]
![UCLan Cyprus][logo-uclancy]

[logo-zg]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png "Zero Gravity team"
[logo-inspire]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/assets/inspire.png "Inspire Research Center"
[logo-uclancy]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/assets/uclan_cy_small.png "UCLan Cyprus"

## Privacy<a name="privacy"></a>

Zero Gravity takes your privacy very seriously!

The only permissions required by the app is access to your account, which is used solely in the context of integrating with the Google Play Game Center. We also use Google Analytics to trace app usage. That's it.

Also, as an open source project you can browse the code yourself :-)

Commit message:

Added link to Google Play's page of the app

README.md, after:

# ZeroGravity
ZeroGravity is an Android game developed in partnership with the Zero Gravity [student team](https://www.facebook.com/0gravityteam).

![Zero Gravity icon][logo-zg]

It has two aims:

1. help them promote their school's model formula one racer
2. help them practice for the competition (e.g. to have a good response time)

The app itself is a played as follows:

- Beginners' mode: you need to observe the red lights, and touch the screen as fast as you can after they all go off.
- Advanced mode: in addition to the beginners' mode, you also need to keep track of the balance of your car by keeping a balance bubble in the target

The game is integrated with Google Play's game services and the best players are listed in the leaderboard there.

You can get and use the latest version of the app straight from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cy.ac.uclancyprus.zg).

The app was developed by the [Inspire Research Center](http://inspirecenter.org) and [UCLan Cyprus](http://www.uclancyprus.ac.cy) with the students

![Inspire Research Center][logo-inspire]
![UCLan Cyprus][logo-uclancy]

[logo-zg]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png "Zero Gravity team"
[logo-inspire]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/assets/inspire.png "Inspire Research Center"
[logo-uclancy]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nearchos/ZeroGravity/master/app/src/main/assets/uclan_cy_small.png "UCLan Cyprus"

## Privacy<a name="privacy"></a>

Zero Gravity takes your privacy very seriously!

The only permissions required by the app is access to your account, which is used solely in the context of integrating with the Google Play Game Center. We also use Google Analytics to trace app usage. That's it.

Also, as an open source project you can browse the code yourself :-)
